Essay 

When I was pursuing my undergraduate degree a few years ago, I regularly participated in a philosophy club on campus.  We each took turns with hosting topics that we would explore for and either debate or discuss for the term of the month.  My topic and event that I decided to investigate was an accidental discovery I made to invite a scientist from NASA to come and speak to our group about a project that he was working on.  That experience went really well, and it inspired me to keep that attitude of discovery, creativity, and liberty alive even after graduation.  So to keep this brief, the ideals those ideals for me to helped me to apply for this position and to play a small part and to use my skills and experience to further that ability for others to enjoy. 

So in one of my roles I had as an IT Support Specialist for Middleby, I volunteered for a task to help with integrating an API that FedEx had created to allow our ERP system to print labels .  The context that this was taking place with was for that year UPS was in the middle of one of there biggest union contract negotiations in decades.  And we were anticipating as a company that this could create a bottle-neck down the line with our fulfillment needs.  And so I helped the analyst team to integrate this API and to write the technical documentation for it when it was ready.  This helped us to keep our fulfillment process running smoothly in the event that UPS did have a strike and keep out availability and up time high for our customers.

One of the things that I am passionate about in IT is cyber security and it's impact that it has on AI, the Presidential order of the Genesis Mission to consolidate and utilize our nations private and public resources to harness AI in cooperative and cutting edge way is what really interests me.  The impact that AI has on cyber security changes the landscape a lot and calls for us to use these tools in creative way and not release our autonomy and creativity to give one-hundred percent of our decision making to automation.   I would like to utilize more AI tools and explore efficient ways to make U.S. attorney decision making easier to do and to integrate these decisions in a more spectrum way with more datasets included in the final result.  There are many better ways of using models like these to help with creation and idea generation but also to help with finding flaws in thinking or systems that are currently being used.

I've done my best to make sure that I stick with projects and employers that have been able to help me learn and advance my professional career.  But this journey has been affected by job market factors as well.  But I've believed always in self-improvement and learning, and part of that involves expanding my skill set.  I've been studying software engineering more and AI tool utilization to help me in my personal projects and work flows.  